Hi.
We didn't this lecture.
Where are you going to finish our app by passing this information to our imagery controller so we can
show the image and the name of this selected landmark to our user.
OK.
And in fact we know how to do that right.
We have seen how to pass information using safe ways within the previous lectures.
So in order to do that I'm going to create two variables in here and I'm going to a sign that those
variables to my landmark label tags an Image view image.
So let's come over here under our class but outside so far with the load.
So I'm going to call first one is landmark name or chosen landmark name or selected landmark name.
Okay so this will be a string but empty string initially and I'm going to create a selected landmark
image as well.
This will be a UI image but this will be an empty image.
I'm not going to assign any value to that.
So under with the load I can just go forward and say landmark labeled that tax is actually selected
the landmark name.
OK.
And selected or landmark Image view actually Image view that image is the selected landmark image so
this will get the landmark name and the image from the other view controller and display those values
in our views.
So how do we pass that information.
Maybe you remember the function prepare for its Segway.
Right.
That is one of the last things that will happen when we commit for a Segway so that we can a sign our
second view controller our image view controller is a variable and then we can reach the variables inside
of that second view controller and we can change those variables in a way that we want.
So before we do this performs a great thing we have to find the selected row.
We have to get this from the index path.
OK.
And we have to assign those values to some variables so that we can use those same variables within
prepay for Segway function.
So I'm going to create that chosen landmark name K. I'm going to make this equal to Landmark names index
path out throw.
So if a user taps on this coliseum it will be landmark named 0.
And my chosen landmark name variable will be coalesce.
OK.
And I'm going to do the same thing for image as well.
So I'm going to go for chosen landmark image and this will be landmark images index path.
That's your oh so right now this landmark name a landmark image is giving me the chosen landmark name
and landmark image with the help of index.
So for example if I choose Colosseum it will be index 0.
I will get calls from JP and coalesce you mate.
So next thing is to pass this information using prepare for Skagway as I explained before if any reason
you missed the previous sections I suggest you go back and watch them because we have seen this prepared
for say Grand other some advanced U.S. features within the previous sections.
So let's call this prepare for Segway in here.
OK.
In order to do that you can just write prepare and you will see this for Segway function.
And this is not even related to table views OK.
This is not related to any delegate we can just use this in any view controller we want because we're
doing a Segway here we're just passing information from while we controller to another and we can use
this Segway variable that is given to us within this function and we can control does identify you're
right.
We can just say if Segway that identifier is actually to image wheel controller then we're going to
do some things.
So let's open our curly braces and what we want to do is to make sure that this identifier is actually
the same as we have defined before.
If they do not match.
This won't work.
So make sure you're writing this in the right way.
OK.
So if say go ahead that identifier is exactly the way we defined before then what we want to do we want
to define our image view controller as a variable in here.
Right.
I remember how we can do that.
We can just say let destination we see which stands for we controller Let's segway dot destination K
Segway dot.
So this gives me you I storyboard Segway and the destination will give me a UI wheel controller and
I'm certain that this will be my image view controllers so I'm going to first cast this as image view
controller.
OK so I can use this because I know my Segway identifier is to image view controller and this will lend
me in image view controller file.
OK.
So now I can use this destination we see to reach imagery controllers variables.
Once you do that I suggest you do a comment be to build and synchronize everything inside of your project.
Or maybe you can not see these images these are variables inside of this destination we see if you can't
see them.
There is no problem.
Go ahead.
So if you say destination we see that selected landmark names or destination we see like the landmark
image then we can change them now.
Right.
So what do we want a sign here we want to a sign chosen landmark name and chosen landmark.
Imagine here but I cannot do that right now because I have defined and initialized these variables inside
another function.
So best course of action here is to delete this and do this inside of my class.
But outside of all the functions right.
So I'm going to come up here and I'm going to say selected landmark name.
Okay so this will be an empty string initially and selected landmark image.
Then this will be a I image.
And this is an empty image initially as well.
So let's go for here.
And this was chosen landmark names.
So let me just delete this on the right chosen.
And in fact it doesn't matter.
But I just want to avoid any confusion because we have named other was as selected as well.
So this will be chosen a landmark name.
And this will be chosen landmark image.
OK.
And now I can come down here and I can say destination we see Dot selected landmark name is actually
chosen landmark name and destination we see selected landmark image is actually chosen landmark image.
So it means that we're getting the chosen landmark image name and image view itself and we're assigning
them in the second view controller so that we can show them to the user.
So let's see Colosseum.
Here we go.
Colosseum.
Let's try each one of those landmarks so we can see Kremlin Stonehenge.
And let's go for Taj Mahal.
So that's perfect.
That's what we want to do in the first place.
So again this is a basic application but this gives us a great template to work a bomb.
So right now you can add whatever you want here you can add a long description you can add the map later
on you're going to see how to do that you can add the country you can add whatever you want you can
build a good app with this template.
OK.
And last but not least I'm just going to show you how to add a navigation bar title so that you can
have a title in your app in order to do that.
Let's go to we did load of our real controller and just say navigation item.
OK dot if you can just say title here and you can choose whatever title we want so that you will have
this title in your own app.
So let's run this and you will see what I mean.
As you can see we see the landmark booking here.
So this is a little bit better looking and it gets to your back button as well so back button these
called landmark book now.
So I hope you enjoyed this section.
We we're going to stop here and within the next section we're going to go ahead and learn intermediate
swift concepts.